cc stener clear if you want to teach
You have 20 photos and four videos to explain the whole house
there are a number of essential things
facades garden pool and common areas
photography on sunny days in the central hours of the day ensures that the
Facade is not shadow
photography in a single shot the pool green areas and the facade of the
building funds
it is more interesting to show a common area than a portal facade
terrace and views
Get close to the window
teaches the pool the little park al kiel another open space
photograph the sunny terrace and try to show the views it has
the living room
It is the fundamental piece of the house
to see all the space put in one of the corners shows the doors and the
windows
Plant a lot of light through the window do not stand in front of her
photograph furniture fronts
the kitchen
the kitchen is another of the essential photos of the house
turn on all the lights including the one in the fume hood
maybe all the objects swallows food and other utensils to leave the countertop
empty and clean
bedrooms
the most adequate photo of the master bedroom is the one that shows the space
with the bed and the access door to the bathroom with the light on
just one photo of each room from the main you can make two
doors or windows should always appear
bathroom
the bathroom is one of the most difficult pieces to photograph
It is a very small space with a very particular lighting
take the photo from one of the top angles of the door,
camera to try to see the toilets and the tiling
if the bathroom is extraordinarily small photograph some detail of
the toilets as the taps and a section of tiling wanted to understand
the general state of space
lower the toilet lid and open the bath screen
other photos there are other spaces that can appear in the photos
after showing the most important areas it shows the rest of the
property
storage stairs
garage
details of finishes
landscape photos such as street gardens or are best known nearby
add the plans of the apartment
there are some details that mark the differences when photographing a
space
turn on all the lights of the house even if it is day
photograph the spaces as ordered as possible
the furniture great dimension to the rooms
take the pictures before emptying
the door frames should appear vertical
the space seems neat if your photo looks nicer
photograph the spaces without people
take the photo from a natural height
more or less as we see it
with digital cameras you have a great advantage
It is the picture immediately after making them
if it is very dark or very burned look for the most - useless and fallacious button
If the photo is dark, take it to the more so that the camera takes more
light
If the photo is badly burned, the aci is taken - at least
so that it takes less light
as simple as that
2 if the house does not have active flash light
yes no better leave it off
any digital camera is used to take pictures of houses
If you are thinking of buying a keep in mind this
you do not need a megapixel camera these images are for
Internet
you do not need a team with professional features
if the camera records videos in addition to taking photos the best
We are already waiting for your photos